docs: add git_webhooks documentation (#121)
jesopo/bitbot: docs/help/git_webhooks.md

    * you may `!webhook add <username|orgname>` to accept all repositories
      from the user or organization.

### Configure the git host

This is generally done within settings of your repository and may depend
on the Git host. The details you need are:

* Target URL: `https://<your-bot-address>:<your-API-port>/api/<github|gitea>?key=<API-key>`
    * `<github|gitea>` means that you either enter `github` if you use
      GitHub or `gitea` if you use Gitea.
    * the `<API-key>` is the same the bot gave you in the previous
      step 6.
* HTTP Method: POST
* POST Content Type: `application/json` *or* `application/x-www-form-urlencoded`,
  bitbot supports both of them.

### Managing API keys

The API key isn't tied up to a specific git repository. It's recommended
that every user has their own API key.

This isn't implemented yet, see [issue #123](https://github.com/jesopo/bitbot/issues/123).

### Additional configuration

There are several options that can be configured

* on the bot level:
    * `!config bot git-show-private on` to also show private git
      repositories. They are hidden by default to avoid accidental leakage
      of private data.
* on the channel level:

>     * `!config channel auto-github-cooldown on` to ???

Author: Help wanted.

>     * `!config channel auto-github on` to ???

Author: Help wanted.

    * `!config channel github-default-repo <user|orgname/repo>` in order to
      have the bot link `<#issuenumber>` messages into the issues with

>       details on them.

Author: just guessing. Also is this GitHub specific? I am currently mainly a Gitea user with Bitbot.

    * `!config channel git-hide-prefix on` to not show the the webhook name

>       in front of new messages?

Author: Is this so, I was just guessing?

>     * `!config channel git-hide-organisation on` to ???

Author: Help wanted.

    * `!config channel git-prevent-highlight on` to add hidden characters

>       into the messages so the users won't get pinged on their own activity.

Author: Did I understand correctly?

## Webhooks

1. Generate a SSL certificate for the REST API. TODO: figure out the right

>    way to do that.

Author: Any example anywhere on how to do that? I begun with [Limnoria's instructions](https://limnoria.readthedocs.io/en/latest/use/identifying_to_services.html#certfp) (that I likely wrote) ending up with bitbot.pem that seems wrong.

Reviewer: `$ openssl req -x509 -newkey rsa:4096 -keyout key.pem -out cert.pem -days 365` e.g.

Author: Thanks, I will add it :)

Using acme.sh on the host already, I did TODO

```
$ACMESH --key-file $BITBOTDIR/ssl.key --cert-file $BITBOTDIR/ssl.cert --reloadcmd "$SYSTEMCTLRESTART bitbot"
chmod -R 700 $BITBOTDIR/ssl.key
chown -R bitbot:bitbot $BITBOTDIR

> ```

Author: This is part of [my script for managing acme.sh certificates](https://gitea.blesmrt.net/mikaela/scripts/src/branch/master/bash/acmesh-ssl.bash) that I am happy to expand later if you wish.

Question: what format are the keys expected in and did I even pass acme.sh the right arguments (`--key-file` and `--cert-file`)?

```
  --cert-file                       After issue/renew, the cert will be copied to this path.
  --key-file                        After issue/renew, the key will be copied to this path.
  --ca-file                         After issue/renew, the intermediate cert will be copied to this path.
  --fullchain-file                  After issue/renew, the fullchain cert will be copied to this path.
                                                                         
  --reloadcmd "service nginx reload" After issue/renew, it's used to reload the server.                                       
```

Author: Additional question, is a restart required for reloading the certificates?

Reviewer: no - just reloading the sending `SIGUSR1` to bitbot will reload `bot.conf` and doing `!reloadmodule rest_api` will start the REST API with the configured cert

Author: :+1:

Author: I think it may need to be valid certificate at least for Gitea, which is worth noting and my chosen Gitea instance complains of:

`Delivery: Post https://relpda.mikaela.info:5000/api/gitea?key=: x509: certificate signed by unknown authority`

so I think I will need to give it `--fullchain-file cert.pem --key-file key.pem`

2. Enable the REST API in bot.conf by adjusting

```
# key/cert used for REST API
tls-api-key              = /path/to/just/generated/key
tls-api-certificate      = /path/to/just/generated/cert
api-port                 = 5000
```

you may change the API port if you wish.

> 3. restart the bot

Author: Oh, is this necessary? Or is there a `!rehash` or something?

Reviewer: restart works but there's also `!reloadmodule rest_api`

Author: :+1:

> 4. run `!config bot rest-api on`.

Author: The guide issue told me to `!botset rest-api on` which the bot doesn't respond to at all. I got a response with lucky guess `!config bot rest-api on`, but I am unable to telnet into port 5000 or nmap it (it appears as closed) and the bot only told me `[Config] Config 'rest-api' set to True`, so I assumed that only the proper webhooks are going to work and continued ahead.

Reviewer: yes, that is correct. the issue was answered back before !config

Author: Oh, I see

> 4. run `!config bot rest-api on`.

Author: 5. actually `!reloadmodule rest_api` according to @jesopo on IRC.

Result: the bot listens only on IPv4, while the port is IPv6-only.

Author: Todo: test the fix

5. Generate a random key for the git service to use, e.g. `pwgen 10`, pick

>    one and remember it. `/msg <bot> apikey <name> /api/github`

Author: I understand that this is a password protection so anyone cannot spam the `<host>:5000`. I presume `apikey` is a command, but is `<name>` the API key I just generated with `pwgen 10`? `/api/github` is probably what I will tell GitHub to call to, but I am setting up a Gitea webhook and I don't understand from the code would I just replace it with `/api/gitea`.

I also don't feel like trying to continue further as I have no idea if I can remove failed attempts or how to do that, and as I am unable to telnet or nmap the port, I don't know if my attempt would be going to fail anyway.

Reviewer: `<name>` is just a label for the key - so you know who's sending in data by their API key. where'd you get `pwgen 10` from?

Author: I assumed it's a secret that only I and Git-someone knows.

So is the answer `/msg <bot> apikey <friendly-name> /api/gitea` ? Or does Gitea also use /api/github?

Author: ah, the apikey is autogenerated, nice

## Webhooks

### Give the bot an SSL-certificate

#### Self-signed certificate

> ***WARNING!*** Your git host may not accept self-signed certificates.

Author: This seems to be the case at least with https://gitea.blesmrt.net/ which gave me `Delivery: Post https://relpda.mikaela.info:5000/api/gitea?key=: x509: certificate signed by unknown authority`

Author: oh, of course I am not sure if this was just that the bot was giving partial chain as I originally didn't give it a `fullchain.pem`

`openssl req -x509 -newkey rsa:4096 -keyout key.pem -out cert.pem -days 3650`

#### [acme.sh](https://github.com/Neilpang/acme.sh) certificate

Assuming it's already installed and configured,

TODO: expand this

```
$ACMESH --key-file $BITBOTDIR/key.pem --fullchain-file $BITBOTDIR/cert.pem"
chmod -R 700 $BITBOTDIR/ssl.key
chown -R bitbot:bitbot $BITBOTDIR
```
### Configure the bot

1. Enable the REST API in bot.conf by adjusting

```
# key/cert used for REST API
tls-api-key              = /path/to/key.pem
tls-api-certificate      = /path/to/cert.pem
api-port                 = 5000
```

you may change the API port if you wish.

> 2. restart the bot or send it a `SIGUSR1` signal

Author: Is this correct? I have no idea how to advice `SIGUSR1`ing the bot so I would like to keep restart here.

Reviewer: `$ kill -USR1 <pid>` but then you gotta find the pid etc...

Author: Is this current step OK?

Reviewer: yes

3. enable the REST API by `!config bot rest-api on`

4. start the REST API for the first time by `!reloadmodule rest_api`

5. add your repository by `/msg <bot> apikey <reponame> /api/github`

6. the bot will reply `[APIKey] New API key ('<name>'): <random-string>`. Keep the `<random-string>` at hand, you will need it in the next part.

### Configure the git host

This is generally done within settings of your repository and may depend on the Git host. The details you need are:

> * Target URL: `https://<your-bot-address>:<your-API-port>/api/github?key=<random-string>`

Author: Is it `/api/github` correct also for Gitea or should it be `/api/gitea` for it? If so, is it OK to say `/api/<github|gitea` ?

Reviewer: gitea goes to `/api/gitea` - it's ok to reference it that way yes

    * the `<random-string>` is the same the bot gave you in the previous step 6.

> * HTTP Method: TODO: is it supposed to be POST or GET? I am assuming POST.

Author: I am assuming POST, because GET was full of 404 errors.

Reviewer: github and gitea will only try to send POSTs

> * POST Content Type: TODO: application/json or application/x-www-form-urlencoded ?

Author: Both are giving me response 401 :(

Reviewer: that means your API key is not valid

Author: Weird, maybe I will need #123

> * Secret: the `<random-string>` which in case of Gitea was likely automatically moved here

Author: At least https://gitea.blesmrt.net/ did this

Reviewer: no, leave the secret blank. the API key is what we use for authentication

Author: I mean the key was automatically moved there when I added it

### Managing API keys

> TODO: How to list, remove and rename API keys?

Author: Help wanted :)

Reviewer: no way to do this yet - will do soon

`openssl req -x509 -newkey rsa:4096 -keyout key.pem -out cert.pem -days 3650`

#### [acme.sh](https://github.com/Neilpang/acme.sh) certificate

Acme.sh is a [LetsEncrypt client](https://letsencrypt.org/). If you have
already [setup it](https://github.com/Neilpang/acme.sh/blob/master/README.md),
you can install a certificate for bitbot by: `/root/.acme.sh/acme.sh --install-cert -d <domain> --key-file /somewhere/bitbot/owns/key.pem --fullchain-file /somewhere/bitbot/owns/cert.pem`.

***WARNING!*** Always ensure that other users won't be able to read your
keys. `chmod -R 700 /path/to/directory/containing/<key.pem-and-cert.pem> &&  chown -R bitbotaccount:bitbotgroup /path/to/directory/containing/<key.pem-and-cert.pem>`

### Configure the bot

1. Enable the REST API in bot.conf by adjusting

```
# key/cert used for REST API
tls-api-key              = /path/to/key.pem
tls-api-certificate      = /path/to/cert.pem
api-port                 = 5000
```

you may change the API port if you wish.

2. restart the bot or send it a `SIGUSR1` signal

3. enable the REST API by `!config bot rest-api on`

4. start the REST API for the first time by `!reloadmodule rest_api`

> 5. add your repository by `/msg <bot> apikey <reponame> /api/github`

Author: Wrong, it's not a repository being added.

```suggestion
5. create a new API key by `/msg <bot> apikey <apikey-name> /api/<github|gitea>`
The `apikey-name` is how you can later revoke it in case of trouble.
```

   `!webhook remove <name>`
    * you may `!webhook add <username|orgname>` to accept all repositories
      from the user or organization.

### Configure the git host

This is generally done within settings of your repository and may depend
on the Git host. The details you need are:

* Target URL: `https://<your-bot-address>:<your-API-port>/api/<github|gitea>?key=<API-key>`
    * `<github|gitea>` means that you either enter `github` if you use
      GitHub or `gitea` if you use Gitea.
    * the `<API-key>` is the same the bot gave you in the previous
      step 6.
* HTTP Method: POST
* POST Content Type: `application/json` *or* `application/x-www-form-urlencoded`,
  bitbot supports both of them.

### Managing API keys

The API key isn't tied up to a specific git repository. It's recommended
that every user has their own API key.

This isn't implemented yet, see [issue #123](https://github.com/jesopo/bitbot/issues/123).

### Potential problems

* Response 401 means that your API key is wrong.
* Response 404 means that you haven't done `!webhook add <name>` anywhere
  yet.
* Private git repositories aren't announced to avoid leaking data. This

>   will be configurable in the future, see [issue #127](https://github.com/jesopo/bitbot/issues/127).

Reviewer: this issue has been resolved. `!config bot git-show-private on`
